# Chrome-Extension-powered-by-the-LiteAPI
This is a Chrome extension that uses the new LiteAPI offered by Nuitee. With the extension, you can search for information relating to hotels around the world from the comfort of your own browser. You can also see a tooltip if you hover over the name of a city or country within the browser.

# Overview

# Requirements

# Possible amendments for users

# Instructions

# Disclaimer
* The vibe-coded output referred to these cities as "capitals". This is not strictly correct: the capital city of Australia 🇦🇺 , for example, is Canberra, not Sydney. Sydney is just more well-known. Similarly, the capital city for Canada 🇨🇦  is Ottawa, not Toronto. This is why it is important to always check and review the output of vibe code. Funnily enough, the average person would also make the same mistake here.

**The more astute of you will know if you read this that it is odd that "Washington" appears in brackets as the capital for the United States. This was generated by the vibe coded output, but it touches upon a deeper problem in a field called Natural Language Processing (NLP) called "Name Entity Recognition". This is the difficulty of how to identify names of individuals, places and other things in text. This is not a trivial problem, and a lot has been written on this subject. In this particular context, there is obviously an issue: "Washington" isn't the capital city for the United States. The capital city of the United States is _Washington, D.C._ . What's more, there is an entire state (on the other end of the country!) called Washington. Teaching a program how to distinguish between the two is exponentially difficult, and requires the use of artificial intelligence (in this context, using a technique called _attention_). 

# Screenshots
